Hello, Princess.
Doctor!
Four Hy Seedlings
The palace really despises you.
Women dare to ruin my good deeds.
Bao Chau, you're awake.
Master
Yang Lihua's maid is done.
No, but sir.
We can stop for a while.
You can't stop a lifetime.
In addition
You.
What's wrong with me?
Princess, you are pregnant with my dragon temple.
The Good Princess
I was pregnant with my dragon so quickly.
Your Majesty, we have a child.
You're pregnant.
You have to take good care of it later.
I'll use all the good stuff for you first.
You don't have to go to bed later.
Just leave it...
The people congratulated the princess on the dragon pregnancy.
You're coming too.
Your Majesty.
Nice belly bag.
Women have never seen such handicraft in the folk.
You will wear it tonight to serve me.
Well, then Princess Love rest.
It's your majesty.
Can't Your Majesty hold it?
Night music
But master, you are now pregnant with a dragon.
Your position will definitely not be shaken by that Yang Lihua.
Really?
Master
What's going on?
Confused.
Master
The king has asked his servant to inform him.
He wants luck tonight.
So what?
But Yang Lihua said she wanted to ask you to teach bending magic.
So...
So suggest that you go to their bed for a guide or two.
Instructions in front of the bed
They leave our master by their side to watch during intercourse.
Yes.